README.md, before:

# Software Team Priorities

Last updated: May 17, 2021

## Strategic Priorities for June-August 2021

<!--
For strategic priorities, be sure to list:
  1. The strategic priority
  2. Any additional information that's necessary to clarify the strategic
     priority beyond just the name.
  3. Why the priority matters.
-->

1. **Expand the user base of InVEST to include users outside of research**
   Much of the software we've developed over the years has done well as a piece
   of research software, but the possible funding sources for InVEST in
   particular are harder to come by. Opening up InVEST to audiences beyond a
   research community will enable us to expand access to our models and
   domain-specific workflows, and also be better able to raise money for these
   efforts.

2. **Support and Maintain InVEST**
   The continued support and maintenance of InVEST, through bugfixes and user
   support through our forums, is a distinguishing feature of InVEST among
   ecosystem services models, and is a level of support that is rare to find
   among scientific software packages. We believe that maintaining this level
   of support is a crucial component of getting our models into the hands of
   decision-makers.

3. **Implement New InVEST Models**
   As new models are reviewed and approved by the Platform Steering Committee,
   the software team will implement these models within InVEST and make them
   available for wider distribution with a subsequent InVEST release. This is
   an important component of getting the science out there into the real-world
   and extends beyond simply maintaining what already exists in InVEST.


## What we're working on

### May 2021

* Workbench refactor
  * Strategic Priorities: Expand User Base, Maintain InVEST
* Stormwater model (InVEST issue, PR)
  * Strategic Priorities: New InVEST Models
* Translations in InVEST
  * Strategic Priorities: Expand User Base
* Global Viewer project
  * Strategic Priorities: Expand User Base

### On Deck

This section identifies an unordered set of projects that we believe make sense
to begin work on soon that are in line with current strategic priorities.

* Urban computation prototype
  * Strategic Priorities: Expand User Base
* InVEST 3.9.1 release
  * Strategic Priorities: Maintain InVEST

Commit message:

Adding a note about the 'what we're currently working on ' section.

README.md, after:

# Software Team Priorities

Last updated: May 17, 2021

## Strategic Priorities for June-August 2021

<!--
For strategic priorities, be sure to list:
  1. The strategic priority
  2. Any additional information that's necessary to clarify the strategic
     priority beyond just the name.
  3. Why the priority matters.
-->

1. **Expand the user base of InVEST to include users outside of research**
   Much of the software we've developed over the years has done well as a piece
   of research software, but the possible funding sources for InVEST in
   particular are harder to come by. Opening up InVEST to audiences beyond a
   research community will enable us to expand access to our models and
   domain-specific workflows, and also be better able to raise money for these
   efforts.

2. **Support and Maintain InVEST**
   The continued support and maintenance of InVEST, through bugfixes and user
   support through our forums, is a distinguishing feature of InVEST among
   ecosystem services models, and is a level of support that is rare to find
   among scientific software packages. We believe that maintaining this level
   of support is a crucial component of getting our models into the hands of
   decision-makers.

3. **Implement New InVEST Models**
   As new models are reviewed and approved by the Platform Steering Committee,
   the software team will implement these models within InVEST and make them
   available for wider distribution with a subsequent InVEST release. This is
   an important component of getting the science out there into the real-world
   and extends beyond simply maintaining what already exists in InVEST.


## What we're working on

This section may include specific projects or more general areas of improvement
that are less user facing but that are important for us to address.

### May 2021

* Workbench refactor
  * Strategic Priorities: Expand User Base, Maintain InVEST
* Stormwater model (InVEST issue, PR)
  * Strategic Priorities: New InVEST Models
* Translations in InVEST
  * Strategic Priorities: Expand User Base
* Global Viewer project
  * Strategic Priorities: Expand User Base

### On Deck

This section identifies an unordered set of projects that we believe make sense
to begin work on soon that are in line with current strategic priorities.

* Urban computation prototype
  * Strategic Priorities: Expand User Base
* InVEST 3.9.1 release
  * Strategic Priorities: Maintain InVEST
